<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
<ui:composition template="/templates/main-home.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="body">
		<p:imageSwitch effect="fade" slideshowSpeed="500" speed="3500">
			<div class="slider">
				<div>
					<p:graphicImage value="/images/home/building-video.jpg"
						onclick="collegeVideoDialog.show();" />
				</div>
				<div>
					<p:graphicImage value="/images/home/soccer.jpg" />

				</div>
				<div>
					<p:graphicImage value="/images/home/party.jpg" />
				</div>
			</div>
		</p:imageSwitch>

		<p:dialog id="collegeVideo" 
			widgetVar="collegeVideoDialog" 
			header="AMC promo" 
			severity="alert" 
			resizable="false"
			modal="true" 
			closable="true" 
			onHide="hidePlayer();stopVideo();" 
			onShow="showPlayer();" 
			draggable="false"
			position="top" 
			width="670" 
			height="390" 
			style="left:400px;"
			dynamic="true">

			<div id="player" style="display:none"></div>
			
			
			
			<script>

     	 	var tag = document.createElement('script');
     	 	tag.src = "//www.youtube.com/iframe_api";
      		var firstScriptTag = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];
      		firstScriptTag.parentNode.insertBefore(tag, firstScriptTag);

      		var player;
     	 	function onYouTubeIframeAPIReady() {
        	player = new YT.Player('player', {
         	 height: '390',
          	width: '640',
         	 videoId: '8roD8B04yYM',
          	events: {
            		'onReady': onPlayerReady,
         		   	'onStateChange': onPlayerStateChange
         			 }
        		});
    	  	}


     	 	function onPlayerReady(event) {
	        	event.target.playVideo();
	      	}

	      var done = false;
      		function onPlayerStateChange(event) {
        		if (event.data == YT.PlayerState.PLAYING) {
            		if(!done) {
          				setTimeout(stopVideo, 0);
        	  			done = true;
            		}
    	    	}
	      	}
	      	
	      	function stopVideo() {
		      	if(player != null) {

		      		player.seekTo(0);
	        		player.stopVideo();
			    }
      		}

      	
			function showPlayer() {
				var player1 = $("#player");
				player1.css('display','inherit');

				var windowWidth = $(window).width();
				var dialogWidth = $('#collegeVideo').width();

			 	var leftSpace = 	(windowWidth - dialogWidth)/2;
			 	$('#collegeVideo').css('left',leftSpace);	
			}

			function hidePlayer() {
				var player = $("#player");
				player.css('display','none');
			}
      		
    		</script>
		</p:dialog>


		<div id="welcome-text">
			<table style="border-spacing: 0px;">
				<tr style="vertical-align: top;">
					<td class="homeleft" colspan="4">
						<div class="boxcopy">
							<h1>Welcome to AMC Group of Institutions</h1>
							<p>
								<b>AMC College</b> was incepted in 1983. <b>Dr. K R Paramahamsa</b> is the visionary who has been spearheading
								this noble enterprise under the banner of Paramahamsa Foundation. With a clear focus to provide the best
								educational infrastructure and a corporate environment, the establishment has carved a niche for itself as a
								vibrant institution that facilitates contemporary learning and character building.
							</p>

							<p>

								The institution is affiliated to Visvesvaraya Technological University, recognized by the government of
									Karnataka and has received approval from All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi.
							</p>
						</div>
					</td>
				</tr>
				<tr>
					<td class="box">
						<div class="boxdata">
							<h1>
								<a href="" class="title">Vision</a>
							</h1>
							<p>To be a global partner in building an economic and civil community contributing to the social and
								industrial development of the country.</p>
						</div>
						<p>
							<a href="" target="_blank" class="learnmore">Learn More</a>
						</p>
					</td>
					<td class="box">
						<div class="boxdata">
							<h1>
								<a href="" class="title">Mission</a>
							</h1>
							<p>To develop students to excel in their technical competence coupled with high degree of morals, a positive
								attitude and professional ethics to meet the needs of the country.</p>
						</div>
						<p>
							<a href="" class="learnmore">Learn More</a>
						</p>
					</td>
					<td class="box">
						<div class="boxdata">
							<h1>
								<a href="" class="title">Placements</a>
							</h1>
							<p>We believe that placement is perhaps one of the most important reasons for the existence of any academic
								institution.</p>
						</div>
						<p>
							<a href="" class="learnmore">Learn More</a>
						</p>
					</td>
					<td class="box4">
						<h1>
							<a href="" class="title">News and upcoming events</a>
						</h1>
						<p>
							<a href="" class="learnmore">A conference on cloud computing and enterprise networks.</a>
						</p>
					</td>
				</tr>
			</table>

		</div>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>